cockpit(add): new alerts tab update (#5347)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/cockpit/how-to/enable-alert-manager.mdx

<Requirements />

  - A Scaleway account logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization

## How to enable the alert manager

Enabling Scaleway's regionalized alert manager allows you configure preconfigured alerts for your Scaleway resources.

1. Click **Cockpit** in the **Monitoring** section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. The **Cockpit** overview page displays.
2. Click the **Alerts** tab.
3. Click the **Region** drop-down and select the desired region.
      <Message type="important">
        Make sure that you select the same region as the [data sources](/cockpit/concepts/#data-sources) you want to be alerted for.
      </Message>
4. Click **Enable alert manager** under the **Alert manager** section. A pop-up displays prompting you to configure alert notifications.
    <Message type="tip">
      Configuring alert notifications consists of two steps:
      - Enabling the alert manager, and
      - Adding contacts

>       This allows you to receive notifications at the desired contact whenever alerts you may have configured are triggered.

Author: ```suggestion
      This allows the contacts to receive notifications whenever alerts you have configured are triggered.
```
